Overview level (#2139)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/overview/security/_index.md

---
title: Security

> description: Description of the security features integrated within the Giant Swarm platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Security features and tooling integrated with the Giant Swarm platform.
```
